1. What qualifies as damaged or defective products?
Product is not in working condition or has visible cuts, crush, tear, broken parts, dents or scratches.
Product seal is broken and/or there is a leakage.
Product arrived with parts or accessories missing.
Product arrived in a different size or color than what was ordered.
Item does not match product description.
Entire product is missing, but the box is not tampered.
Products is expired.
Dead on Arrival / Screen Damaged.
Product doesn't meet expectations.
Product box damaged - packaging issue, Transportation issue.
The correct box contained incorrect item.
Item missing-box tampered.
Product is fake / counterfeit.
Product has a different seal.

2. What to do if you receive a damaged or defective product?
If you have received a damaged, defective or if you are not happy with the product quality, you can return or replace the product. Note:

Items listed on Amazon.in that are identified as 'returnable' on the product detail page and within the 'return window' period. Products eligible for return will have a logo on the product details page which mentions the return window and return category as per the product. (Example: 10 Days Returnable, 7 Days Return & Exchange, etc.). Visit Returns Policy to learn more.
Replacement or exchange of products is based on the availability of products.
There are different processes of return and replacement for products fulfilled by Amazon and products fulfilled by third-party (Marketplace) sellers .
To know the seller details, check the product detail page. Visit Return/Replacement FAQs page to learn more.

3.What is the time window for initiating a return or replacement?
The time window for initiating a replacement is the same as the return window for that product category. For example, if the product has a return window of 30 days, a replacement will also have to be initiated within the same period of 30 days. Visit Replacement Policy to learn more.

4. What to do if renewed products are damaged?
If you have received a damaged renewed product, you can initiate a return or replacement through the Your Orders page. You will be required to upload all sided images of the product received. Make sure the images are clicked with the product placed at least 8 inches from the camera. Along with the images, ensure to provide the invoice details. To know more about renewed products, check the Amazon Renewed page.

5. What can I do if I receive a wrong item?
You can return or request for replacement of the wrong item. Please ensure the item is in its original condition, and still in its packaging to be eligible for a return. For more information, you can refer to the Help page: Wrong Product Delivered.